Our Story:

Kelley and I attended our first house concert in 2017 in a suburb of our hometown of Rochester New York. Hosted by The Timber House, Trevor and Allison opened their home and opened our eyes to a whole new way of experiencing live music. Upon relocating to Richmond Virginia in 2020, we found a home in which we could turn our passion for live music into our own house concert series. Unleashed and Unplugged was born and molded from those experiences we had attending those Timber House shows. Friends and strangers alike, coming together for the pure joy and satisfaction of connecting with an artist on a deeper level. Listening to the stories on how a song came to be, or a struggle an artist has gone through, even perhaps a triumphant tale of how they have overcome some adversity to get their song out into this vast playground of music. Of course there is the occasional anecdote or joke thrown out there as well. All done in an intimate setting in which the artist truly controls the narrative (minus the continual policing by our dogs of the room) we give them creative freedom to perform how they wish, acoustic, plugged in, solo, full band or even acapella. Welcoming a wide range of genres, our mission is to not only open our ears to new experiences but to have our guests leave having experienced something unlike they may have in the past. 

The Shows:

All shows are promoted as donation only and all monies go directly to the artists. Our goal has never been to make a profit but to be enriched by the artists. We occasionally offer exclusive Unleashed and Unplugged merchandise and use those monies to improve the listening environment. Guests are encouraged to bring a snack to share and all shows are bring your own beverage.
This is truly meant to be a listening room and ask all guests to refrain from talking during the performance, to silence all cellular devices and to hold bathroom breaks to in-between songs. Artists may choose to perform indoors or outdoors (weather depending) and those details are announced well in advance of the show. 

The Artists:

We delve into a vast array of genres to offer a varied degree of music for our guests. Ranging from folk, Americana, rock, country, blues, singer/songwriters and much more. Many artists make us a stop on a tour and others may be closer to Richmond and will just play a show for us. Guests are encouraged to hang around after the show and meet and get to know the artists on a more personal level. Most artists will have merchandise available for sale and we encourage folks to continue to support the artists with anything they can. 